README.md, before:

<picture>
    <source srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/leptos-rs/leptos/main/docs/logos/Leptos_logo_Solid_White.svg" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/leptos-rs/leptos/main/docs/logos/Leptos_logo_RGB.svg" alt="Leptos Logo">
</picture>

# Leptos Todo Tailwind Sqlite with Axum

This is a template for use with the [Leptos](https://github.com/leptos-rs/leptos) web framework and the [cargo-leptos](https://github.com/akesson/cargo-leptos) tool using [Axum](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum).

## Creating your template repo

If you don't have `cargo-leptos` installed you can install it with

```bash
cargo install cargo-leptos --locked
```

Then run
```bash
cargo leptos new --git https://github.com/leptos-rs/start-axum
```

to generate a new project template.

```bash
cd todo_tw_leptos_sqlt_axum
```

to go to your newly created project.
Feel free to explore the project structure, but the best place to start with your application code is in `src/app.rs`.
Addtionally, Cargo.toml may need updating as new versions of the dependencies are released, especially if things are not working after a `cargo update`.

## Running your project

```bash
cargo leptos watch
```

## Installing Additional Tools

By default, `cargo-leptos` uses `nightly` Rust, `cargo-generate`, and `sass`. If you run into any trouble, you may need to install one or more of these tools.

1. `rustup toolchain install nightly --allow-downgrade` - make sure you have Rust nightly
2. `rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown` - add the ability to compile Rust to WebAssembly
3. `cargo install cargo-generate` - install `cargo-generate` binary (should be installed automatically in future)
4. `npm install -g sass` - install `dart-sass` (should be optional in future
5. Run `npm install` in end2end subdirectory before test

## Compiling for Release
```bash
cargo leptos build --release
```

Will generate your server binary in target/server/release and your site package in target/site

## Testing Your Project
```bash
cargo leptos end-to-end

```

```bash
cargo leptos end-to-end --release
```

Cargo-leptos uses Playwright as the end-to-end test tool.
Tests are located in end2end/tests directory.

Local aliases (must be configured in OS)
```
dev = "cargo leptos watch"
release = "cargo leptos build --release"
start = start() {
    # Get the project name from current directory
    local proj_name=$(basename "$PWD")

    # Construct and execute the command
    ./target/release/$proj_name "$@"
}
e2e-test = "cargo leptos end-to-end"
e2e-release = "cargo leptos end-to-end --release"
e2e-report = "cargo leptos end-to-end --report"
```

## Executing a Server on a Remote Machine Without the Toolchain
After running a `cargo leptos build --release` the minimum files needed are:

1. The server binary located in `target/server/release`
2. The `site` directory and all files within located in `target/site`

Copy these files to your remote server. The directory structure should be:
```text
todo_tw_leptos_sqlt_axum
site/
```
Set the following environment variables (updating for your project as needed):
```sh
export LEPTOS_OUTPUT_NAME="todo_tw_leptos_sqlt_axum"
export LEPTOS_SITE_ROOT="site"
export LEPTOS_SITE_PKG_DIR="pkg"
export LEPTOS_SITE_ADDR="127.0.0.1:3000"
export LEPTOS_RELOAD_PORT="3001"
```
Finally, run the server binary.

## Licensing

This template itself is released under the Unlicense. You should replace the LICENSE for your own application with an appropriate license if you plan to release it publicly.

Commit message:

refactor(project): rename project from todo_leptos_sqlite_axum > full_stack_demo

README.md, after:

<picture>
    <source srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/leptos-rs/leptos/main/docs/logos/Leptos_logo_Solid_White.svg" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/leptos-rs/leptos/main/docs/logos/Leptos_logo_RGB.svg" alt="Leptos Logo">
</picture>

# A Todo app built with Leptos Tailwind Sqlite and Axum

This is a template for use with the [Leptos](https://github.com/leptos-rs/leptos) web framework and the [cargo-leptos](https://github.com/akesson/cargo-leptos) tool using [Axum](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum).

## Creating your template repo

If you don't have `cargo-leptos` installed you can install it with

```bash
cargo install cargo-leptos --locked
```

Then run
```bash
cargo leptos new --git https://github.com/leptos-rs/start-axum
```

to generate a new project template.

```bash
cd full_stack_demo (or whatever you named your app)
```

to go to your newly created project.
Feel free to explore the project structure, but the best place to start with your application code is in `src/app.rs`.
Addtionally, Cargo.toml may need updating as new versions of the dependencies are released, especially if things are not working after a `cargo update`.

## Running your project

```bash
cargo leptos watch
```

## Installing Additional Tools

By default, `cargo-leptos` uses `nightly` Rust, `cargo-generate`, and `sass`. If you run into any trouble, you may need to install one or more of these tools.

1. `rustup toolchain install nightly --allow-downgrade` - make sure you have Rust nightly
2. `rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown` - add the ability to compile Rust to WebAssembly
3. `cargo install cargo-generate` - install `cargo-generate` binary (should be installed automatically in future)
4. `npm install -g sass` - install `dart-sass` (should be optional in future
5. Run `npm install` in end2end subdirectory before test

## Compiling for Release
```bash
cargo leptos build --release
```

Will generate your server binary in target/server/release and your site package in target/site

## Testing Your Project
```bash
cargo leptos end-to-end

```

```bash
cargo leptos end-to-end --release
```

Cargo-leptos uses Playwright as the end-to-end test tool.
Tests are located in end2end/tests directory.

Local aliases (must be configured in OS)
```
dev = "cargo leptos watch"
release = "cargo leptos build --release"
start = start() {
    # Get the project name from current directory
    local proj_name=$(basename "$PWD")

    # Construct and execute the command
    ./target/release/$proj_name "$@"
}
e2e-test = "cargo leptos end-to-end"
e2e-release = "cargo leptos end-to-end --release"
e2e-report = "cargo leptos end-to-end --report"
```

## Executing a Server on a Remote Machine Without the Toolchain
After running a `cargo leptos build --release` the minimum files needed are:

1. The server binary located in `target/server/release`
2. The `site` directory and all files within located in `target/site`

Copy these files to your remote server. The directory structure should be:
```text
todo_tw_leptos_sqlt_axum
site/
```
Set the following environment variables (updating for your project as needed):
```sh
export LEPTOS_OUTPUT_NAME="todo_tw_leptos_sqlt_axum"
export LEPTOS_SITE_ROOT="site"
export LEPTOS_SITE_PKG_DIR="pkg"
export LEPTOS_SITE_ADDR="127.0.0.1:3000"
export LEPTOS_RELOAD_PORT="3001"
```
Finally, run the server binary.

## Licensing

This template itself is released under the Unlicense. You should replace the LICENSE for your own application with an appropriate license if you plan to release it publicly.
